observer that uses the buckets to get the serverID and the problem, then it goes to the server and handles the problem
i dont think ill have to store the problem both places, the buckets should be used to determine which server and which id to handles
server should have a handleProblem function which the observer calls

contest observer method as well. if a server wants contest alerts then it stores the ones that do and sends contest alerts 

1. loop that checks time
2. on 15 min intervals, use the buckets to get the problems on that interval 
3. the bucket stores (serverid::problemid)
4. split this to get the serverid and the problemid separately 
5. use our dict of servers and the server id to get the server object. 
6. call the servers handleProblem method and pass it the problemid
7. this is where the problem should be handeled and sent to the server

1. loop that checks on contest times
2. loop will get servers that want notifications using contest_buckets
3. these will store the servers that want notifs at each time interval 
4. overall this will act in a similar way to the problem buckets and observer 

1. for weekly/biweekly contests
2. have a parent contest buckets
3. then inheirt and make a weekly contest buckets and a biweekly one with like 1 method different

1. im going to need to design the entire discord UI menus
2. im going to have to design the query thing, probably just make this a query helper class
3. design custom errors for everything that can go wrong 

1. i want logger to be used to log whatever is happening for debugging purposes

1. since im keeping volatile and writing to memory both i need to have functions that write to keep it permately as well. 
2. maybe instead of writing to file on every change, i parse my data structures and write every like 2 hours or something?
    - this would simplify things but add some potential danger
    - maybe keep a backup

1. need a way to use the to get the problem with the parameters i want. ie in handleProblem 

1. how can i connect my simple server object to my discord object